sister-sister also fair why is there
blood all over your hair whatever
happened to Baby Jane to seek the answer
to that question we will follow a man
plotting a murder highly specialized
work but Robert Aldridge has
considerable experience in such matters
he has a dozen successful pictures to
his credit his stars are Betty Davis and
Joan Crawford the scene an Italianate
villa in a once fashionable section of
Los Angeles its halls once crowded with
the bright the beautiful and the
celebrated now echo only two hectic
whispers the insistent call of a buzzer
better left unanswered a telephone that
has become an object of fear a supper
tray that will not be touched a window
barred against the world a hammer
a mute scroll crying for help from these
elements director Aldrich his fashion
motion picture with a curious title
whatever happened to Baby Jane Teddy
Davis is Jane Hudson Joan Crawford is
Blanche Hudson but we must warn you if
your long-standing fans of miss Davis
and miss Crawford this motion picture is
quite unlike anything they have ever
done there's a bold essay in the art of
the macabre
a venture to the ultimate reaches of
terror a motion picture definitely not
for the squeeze and we beg it's the
tension bills to the screaming point a
shock after shock assault your senses
try to remember that this is only a
motion picture try and remember
no we we can't show you anymore
only when you see whatever happened to
Baby Jane will you know and the answer
is total suspense